well my go-kart project is at the stage
where I'm going to cut out the new floor
by putting the old floor on a piece of
metal and tracing it and scratching with
a shoe driver there's the frame it just
got done using my welder to make all
kinds of little touch-up welds as you
can see it's hard to believe but when I
made that thing 32 years ago I never
even heard of a MIG welder so even
though it's thin-walled pipe I stick
welded it all together so after the
sandblasting there was little slag
inclusions that crap that you can't beat
up with a hammer and well now that
there's all blah Sidoti I can see holes
in my welds so I went and touched them
up now to cut that thing out and attach
that floor to the back and curl it up
around there cut the wood stove on it's
minus 16 up today it's really cold
there's nothing better than except cut
wheel to cut one sixteenth inch steel I
tried using these but it was just making
it wrinkly and it was really hard this
goes through like butter done
hmm looks like a perfect fit to me now
this client wrong vice grips
now kind of start welding it degen
element
I put just a couple tack welds on to
fold the floor just to make sure it's
all set up right now I've got this t-bar
thing which is the steering and braking
assembly just sitting there it's not
really attached yet ready to weld on
you
so 100 little spot welds later the floor
is attached and every part is securely
welded better than it was originally
because they didn't have mig welders in
my school back then sure which they did
looks nice with a shiny new floor now
it's all ready for prime hard to believe
that's not silver paint that's just raw
metal